 but are AI agents skills? And why have they become an open standard adopted by practically every major AI coding platform? Well, because skills address a specific problem with agents. Now, AI agents, they're pretty good reasoners and LLMs or large language models already know a lot of facts. They can tell you about Kubernetes architecture or the history of SQL or the S-speed velocity of an undladened swallow. That part is covered, but they lack something. They lack procedural knowledge. The stuff that's specific to how work actually gets done. Like, let's say, a 47 step workflow for generating a compliant financial report. Yeah, that would be fun. So an AI agent that is running a large language model, when it encounters a task like generating this report, it basically has two options. Either somebody needs to prompt it with every single step, all 47 of them, and they need to do that every time, or were still the agent is just gonna take a guess at it. Now, a skill is how you actually add in that procedural knowledge into the agent. And the format of a skill is almost comically simple. It's simply a skill.nd file. Let's say mark down file in a folder. So let me draw out what a skill actually looks like. So at the top of a skill.nd file is some YAML front meta. So let's have a look at what is defined in the front meta. Well, at a minimum, there are two things. So there is a name and there is a description. These are the two mandatory fields. Now the name identifies the skill, the description, that tells the agent what this skill does and when it should be used. Now, this description is pretty important because it's the trigger condition that tells the agent exactly when this skill applies. So maybe the skill name is PDF Builder. And the description here that says something like use this when the user asks to extract a PDF. Now, there are some other fields you can put into the front meta like author and version, but it's name and description that are mandatory. Now below the front meta, we also have a field of body. Now, these are the actual instructions. These are the step-by-step workflows, the rules, the examples of input and output. Whatever the agent needs to know to do the job, and it's just written in plain markdown. And then the skill folder can contain some optional folders as well. So you don't have to have these, but you can add them. One of those optional folders is the scripts folder. And this has executable JavaScript or Python or bash that the agent can actually run. There's also a references directory. That contains additional documentation that gets loaded if the agent term needs it. And finally, the other optional directory is the assets directory that contains static resources like templates and data files. So that's what an agent skill looks like, but agents can have lots of skills to find for them. So what happens when there are like hundreds of these skills, loading all of them into the LLM context window, add startup would blow through the token budget before anyone even gets to ask a question. So.