 So just turn on my voice memos. And while we keep talking, I could turn it off and throw it in and see how it works. But it's pretty cool. It also, so like, you know, you have, you run the podcast one. I added him in here too. And like here's some of the transcriptions I did. Earlier, transcribe with Wister, analyze with Atlas. Like, let's see if I can do my last one. If it'll load. So here's the transcript. And then I can analyze it with this. And it should shoot out just about everything. If what is the AI that's analyzing it, is it a long hours of clock? It's a long time. It's a long time. It's a long time. So it has like the company's mission, technology. We can watch with one month, five minutes. One month about nettles. What it is? Yes, sir. And then I downloaded some other local ones, like Whisper. And let's see, I haven't written down somewhere. Yeah, I think it was just Whisper, which does like the transcribing. And it could do like the podcast and stuff. But it was all free. So it's just good to add. I really want to tell you this is good to talk. So this is what podcast is this? This is one. I think this was just one of my friends like talk, or I can actually read it and see. I'll go ahead and transcribe it. I think this is one of just like me testing it out and putting in a random audio. Oh, yeah, I recorded a video on YouTube about AI agents. And basically the more the stuff that I don't like, it's super easy just to like ask, claw out or judge a TV like, hey, how do I code this and fix this? I want this page to look better. I want this search bar to work this way. I wanted to spit out information about companies. Like you can do it however you want. And so, and then I also add. And the app that they are, the spot when you're using that. That's just what I named it. I mean, I could have named it anything. Yeah, I just call that out. So, it's a good brand. Yeah, thank you. And then I also went ahead and added that investment agent into. I plan to add more like one about like for emails and stuff like that. This is just kind of like a prototype version, but I just kind of want to mess around and see like how it all worked. Because I did like put it all on one file at one point. And I did like break it. It, it couldn't fit it all like it was all too much for one app. So then I put it in all into a folder and put a bunch of different codes. Like in different files. And then that's ended up how it worked out. So, it's pretty cool. And what you, you put this in Python or what you put this in. Oh, yes, Python. Yeah. And awesome. Yeah, I mean, I literally just asked like action. Yeah, my web connection is a little slow. So the screen's a little blurry on my end, but it's that I can tell it's a good visual. Yeah, and so like here, here's like the memory of everything. It goes through all the documents because I have my reports all right here. It downloads everything goes into a PDF. So like if you don't like it spitting out on like a computer, you can go to the PDF and read it from there too. But this pulls from all the reports this page right here. Like you can ask, what have we learned about in a video? Summarize our AI infrastructure discussions. Like those are just examples. Hit the split with summarize or AI infrastructure discussions. Let's see what it's there. So what you're doing here, you put this skeleton together. Then we're to jam through some good shit and see what we learned right? Yes, sir. Yeah. Did you guys been kicking butt on this, dude? Yeah, I honestly have a long fun. It's really cool. So here goes bits this out. I was unable to find information. Okay, so I haven't had any reports about that yet. But as soon as I add them in, it could start pulling. So we're talking about the one that we're going to go through. Road AI report. I'm just going to go that thing. Okay. Here wait, this one's probably better because that was the one of the car. Can you see this? Yeah. So, words spoken. Estimated reading time. Questions asked. Possible action items. Possible decisions. Most common topics. Oh, maybe this is one. Here's the summary. The meeting, discussed and ongoing investigation. Okay, this is when I did a podcast about murder. But this is just like a four minute one of me. Testing it out. But you know how it's see out? It's fits out like these blocks and stuff. And what is that? I don't know. So I think that's another bug that I got to fix. It was doing that for the same one in the podcast one and then I fixed it. I just like, you got to add some more stuff to it. Yeah, looks to be like putting some sort of value on that carotid or something. Yeah, it is. I definitely wanted to come out a lot more pretty than that. But this was the last page. This is kind of like just looking at everything. You can see all my systems right here. Alama whisper. Ask Atlas on lawn local first. And then I can search my meetings again. Just so like it's really easy to get all your information whenever. Tells you your meetings, podcasts, reports, audio research. Just stuff like that. So it's to me, looks like our poll, the usual interface is developing. Yeah, so my like, like, Sorry. No, behind that we have to really tie things together and integrate into the whatever stream a podcast we want, stream a research report we want to make it all come together into that interface. Yes, sir. And then I think we want an agent to basically tell us, look at the poll guy. Here's what you need to look at. That's, that's what I was trying, you know, to get it to do basically is just like to have someone that literally works for you and does everything for you. Essentially, that would be pretty cool. I think that's what I think after a lot more time, just adding stuff to it, it could definitely become that. But can you, can you not see me trip is my, does my cano top for you? Yeah, it is all for me. Look at my bond. Is it off for you as well, Miss Nicar? I can see you. I think it's because I'm sharing. Yeah, I'll stop sharing. Oh, I'm going to, no, it's weird. Um, nothing. Yeah. I'm going to miss your face. Creeper. I'm going to join from my work map as well. So I can screen share. What I did was I just, I just press the link and then yeah, I bet you got it. That's two of me. Now let's do a view. Uh, uh, all right. Okay, but now I'm going to do some screen share as well. I'm going to do that. Yeah. Okay. I'm still moving on this. This will be in the chunk of the PDF. No. Can you just see my screen now? Yes. Yep. Oh, yeah. Yeah. This one. Okay. So I built this is exactly assistant. And the biggest issue. Actually, let me just put this in. Can you guys see the screen? Yeah. Um, and the biggest issue was security concerns because I was like, you know, when we talked with Mr. Crow, he mentioned trendy wouldn't love him. Um, using thing because the threat of emails going through outside servers is a problem. So I first built it with anthropics. Um, like this plot. It was running the emails and I was doing it with this email that tripping on me that has nothing in it. Really, because I wasn't worried about losing that data. Um, and it like ran the emails through the anthropic servers and I was like, like, we have to work around that. So it's completely locally run now via a llama. So I guess the AI engine is not as strong, but I've actually like tweaked it into week. Didn't tweak to a point where I think it's actually. I think it's actually like. Usable, I would say. Um, so first you like run, you click run now and I just did that right before. The wait. And so this is everything that's in my inbox. And so I had like a bunch of emails sent to the inbox to test it again. So it stacks it by priority. And then if you want to go action something. So I said, it's like I'm becoming a CEO here. So I would go action this and I could be like, right me. A response. Thanking him. And add it to my calendar. I was about calendar clearly. We'll see it should be able to know that calendar. Yes, right. Should be. But any of you miss those were close. And so here it taught me to Apple calendar. Could did you guys see that? Yeah, I saw that. The promotion ceremony. So here's to my calendar now. And you can also see here. That's super cool. This thing will lead you to calendar. Yeah. Or it'll load it up there. Um, and then it should be a draft. Yep. Here's a draft in the email. Oh, wow. Thank you. The invitation to the promotion. And I have my profile name. I put it's killing and bop it. I can't be friends with them. I'll talk to them. So. Um, and so you've got that. And then once it's done, check it off. And it goes to the paper trail. So when you want to see things you've done. If you're ever like, did I do that? It's an on your paper. Um, some sender rules. So that paper trail is like a lot of what the agent does. Exactly. Okay. So sender rules are. So I feel like a lot of the times and dumb stuff I have to do is like. Go into a random thing you've found up for like, you know, NFL drafts. Or something. You have to go on. Subscribe for them. Now, even if it's going to your spam, even if Gmail is organizing it, you could always just come here and say like, I don't want to hear anything more from. You know, trip. Blah blah blah at any put as email and you put ad and then it will pop their email down. Where this red is. Same thing for priority. So if I put max million down to business at you know, dot com. He is now a top priority sender every time he does it, he'll be in half forward. And then I started adding all the agents on here. So I have these run once a week at the start of the week. I think I have two days and Wednesdays for them. And so it'll pop it in here. Your podcast grief. So you go in. Here's all your different podcasts. So you have through lines. The big ones. Uh, petitions and what's important to your business is school. Yeah. And then so there's all in. Invest at the best.emy, tech review as you get all these guys in there. Yep. And then you're discerse stocks. This is the first age in our belt. So these are just some company's. Um, and it's like high medium low flags for whether they're and you should look into them. And they're also. There also I was tweaking it earlier this week to make it more scoping towards like AI and ensure. And then lastly and profile, this was so we're determining who's high priority in your inbox or the other to make it better you can also put them here. So if I want to say, you know, tribute J is my colleague put this drop down, you can change your relation in this set their priority levels. So next time you run your email, brief, it should pop that in there and change it. But now I'm just trying to see it should have gotten rid of that maximum end of boosting now that it's been done with and put on the paper track. So we'll give it a step. Okay. Yeah, give it a go. It's worked. That's pretty cool. Yeah, it is fun building this thing. Yeah, it's fun, right? I enjoy it. Oh, there's the bug right there. Yeah, I have to fix that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But it's just that to be out. So let's think about how we so we have as we have at least is what I would call. Usually I'm placed on the surface, right? And then some skeleton structure to where we can plug things in. What do you call your smacks? I call mine main focus is in the email and the goal is to expand it out where you have all your agents in one place. I think that that's our that's our connection. We both want all the agents in one place. Yeah. And that's good. So here's what I think we should spend. I think on the I think in my things, we got it. We got spent a lot of time on the plumbing. Okay, like the so you guys have each created a user interface. Either one's good enough, right? Like the way we're going to really it's not about making it pretty as much as is about getting the plumbing right so we get the data we made. Right. Right. So I think first of all, I think you're all so I think I so I want to like combine the apps somehow. Sure. Um, and whether we literally combine them or not, I don't really care. I think it's about combining the thinking because like the first couple of times through this, you guys are learning for the first time. You know, if you if you started all over next week, you'd do better than you did last week. Right. Just how you know, that's called the experience curve. Right. So so you're whatever 10 days in the experience curve. So what we want to do is I think the plumbing that I want to make sure we get right, like let's just stick with the podcast thing for now. Let's really nail the, uh, equities and the AI infrastructure piece. And let's just get those to work. The equities can be distress equities or they can be companies we need no more about Nvidia. And when we want to pull it out of that is, you know, the intersection of, you know, we want to buy that equity or not and what that company's product roadmap looks like so that it informs our business decisions. So I think the other thing I want to part of what we need to do in AI infrastructure land in these podcasts is we need to look at new power generation sources. So let me tell you a few things that are popping up. So you can kind of like create the right tag words or whatever. Like a new type of power generators called linear generator. That's worth like if people are talking about linear generators, we want to understand it. If people are talking about it, as some more states for small modular reactor, you know, for nuclear reactor, we want to understand it. And people are talking about traditional natural gas turbines. Yeah, like a semen's or a Mitsubishi or a do song or a G. Or Nova like, you know, we want to understand that to keep our thing to personas what's happening. Because we don't quite know like the supply chain stuff is just confusing. There's so I think anything in these podcasts that are supply chain oriented around AI infrastructure, chips, memory, power generation, you know, bus bar, like we want to start capturing that. So they get in the plumbing right. So that we want these agents to be early warning systems for us on what's going on in the market. Right, particularly in like the AI infrastructure land and figure out how to do that. Plumbing from the door cash, Patel podcast to acquired to some random mass supply chain thing. Like that's really my feeling as you like looking at both these using our faces are good. You know, I think where we're going to separate ourselves and have something really valuable is if we get that plumbing put together in a way that we get the right data to us. Is that analyzing the data reporting the data that there's a more mechanical. This is. How does that hit you guys? What do you think? I think that sounds great. That sounds great with me. I think that's honestly better. It's just a hammer one thing right now and get it to work as good as it possibly can. That I think we can for sure do that. And you guys got to figure out how to share the code base. So you can be plugged in as you share the code base. What you're going to have to learn is version control. So one guy doesn't screw something up. The other guy doesn't know and vice versa. And it's going to happen. So you're just going to have to deal with it. It's welcome to software engineering. You're going to break stuff. You're going to get pissed off at each other. It's just how it goes. I mean, just buckle up. Buttercup. Keep moving. Sounds good. Sounds good. But I don't think like let's spend this week on the pull.