 But, they're having no fun. Not after 4.20 a.m. when Kitty comes back and calls the fire department and the Arkansas game and dishenitions are commented set up thermal light vision drones to assist. Or after 7.20 a.m. when the East Arkansas Department of Corrections brings track and bones to the scene. Though he took five signs of the man who flat on foot, deputies look a bit and a half short distance from where he entered the wood. It's just one, just one. But, can it be? Oh, sweet, I'm gonna add an A.I. Some reasons that A.I. are equal to track and smell. By the time daylight breaks, authorities are all closer to finding their pain. So they decide to call in within more media presence. By that afternoon, there's not only the Sheriff's Deputy Sergeant, but also state police troopers. The state emergency response team to local fire departments, forest and police officers, and volunteers. They create a search tray and form 18s to deploy in different areas. They do end up finding a second wound, a wallet, a loan charger, and a bloody, but their man is still in need. In almost 19 hours after they first began their pursuit at 17pm, the man on his hold-off due to the dark, and it is set to resume this morning. So they pick up again in the morning, but it's not until late afternoon, around 2pm, as their search range is wide, that one of the group finds several footprints in a creek. A search of the creek bed comes up empty. One evening, Fishmore notices a trail of broken twins from the creek leading up to the base of a state bridge. She follows them one step at a time, and when she looks at it, she sees who they were all after, and he is coming from a tree at the top of the bridge, and they go right just right from out his name. Now his death is ultimately wrong, but suicide by literature and the assumption being that his writer took his life, maybe so he didn't have to face the consequences, but Mark himself statement he still conducts a death investigation and it has parted on November 12th when he went out through the chase that set off his tragic gene events. ASB Senior Special Agent Andre Nell, Interim, to both Deputy Violent and Sergeant Kidd. Both interviews are reported, and both not until pretty much the same story. So I'm simply part of violence, and I did for a player. So you know what I mean? I'm here with the other thing, and I'm really not. We're trying to figure out what happened to our future bridges. So for that, today we'll be at home, stressed out about remembering your rights, and then maybe that's all there being in the way that we would just tell the surrounding what all took place in how you get today, and how you get all the information that you're talking about. I'm not on our own nights, we'll talk on December 9th to come. That's right, this will be the only I can call it. This is April, and I think we have covers of the 7-11 business in 30-1. It means that 4-day hint that was due to two missing generals across the country was going to be going on the board, and then we'll be going to close on the news. Myself, and Deputy Guides, Mountain, and Sergeant Kidd called around on Saturday and checked the location of the day. While we were there, checking everything we could hear. By number 4, 480, so we could be back around on this note. There are actually just a lot of systems. So, we've never actually had to finish the problem of being from that cellphone that was on the table. Even Jim was there, over there in the bar, in the middle of the day. He should have sent it to me for sure. Had to move to get back in the trucks to play in the area, so that Kidd turned out in a three-way on that SS-13122. There was two boarders saying that it starts with Kiddies faulting with the individuals. And that's why one of the boarders called the two of them. And the board turned around and got passed, and so I was being... But they said in my blue lives, that I'm all on board, so I can try to start with them. And then that's one of the church we hear. We went out and it was in 49, for our mobile and half. And then we both went up, but we were healed. And then by now, and that's one of the boarders who works in there, so we went to Barry's Temple in Italy. So, the board's done. The individuals are running. Where they can't believe the birds and the boats took our front of the course. So, the birds were about to control the adolescent greenhouse right there. And we don't know what you're going to about, but when I found out, what is approximately 15 to 20 minutes later, but also a few can't even try to let you see it's a part of it. Biotops says he never had any personal interaction with the individual. And this is important, because you see, it seems like part of the reason this message is even happened is because in the week following the incident, Wilmer's had begun to take hold in the minds of the small town community members in force. Wilmer's that this man hunt and this tragic suicide wasn't at all what authorities were claiming it to be. This is all on the news time for you, Waxley, before they were making comments. And it says not to divide. Do they personally talk that they need to be shot killed and be killed? Any amount of people will show you that nothing is what it seems in this case. That man that they were looking for was actually a team we were all in. And there is a very good reason that people in force including his parents think that they're in line to. And I have a feeling you'll think that too once you hear the whole story of the night trip or so died. Whoa, chupies here. Do fuck this bullshit, stick it forever down. Yeah, do there's never used to be this kind of thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a topic. I haven't seen so much time. Waxley, that's easy to forget that the name got to be rescuable for an hour's in every single life. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. I'm a day by age. He was stranded and he didn't arrive. So she was in the process of telling him that they would get dressed and would head over. And that's when he also started reading. And on the other end of his line was a deafening that he knew that Jason Bradshaw. And Bradshaw was asking if Tripp was home. Said that he and some other guys from the department were out there looking at him. And I think maybe this is when the the piece started to click in the place and work. And honestly, whatever was happening is it felt like a good thing. Since Gil knew Bradshaw. Tripp knew Bradshaw too. So Gil took John's phone and told Tripp that Bradshaw is out there if he wanted to go turn himself in. Go ahead. So there was a plan. Wherever Tripp was in the woods, he said that he would see the blue lights from the deputy's vehicles. He said that he was going to start walking up the hill to turn himself in. And his parents could see his location from the bike line up and they said he wanted him to stay on the phone with Brad but Tripp said that his phone was almost down the battery and so they hung up. Now as the Brazils are getting dressed and they're preparing to leave. They're missing at the end of the year. But their teenage son probably did something done on his ATV and let me believe that when he's still a heritane with like the sticks for this feel low. But the world completely sheds. When around 20 minutes later, a tax return trip to home comes in and it doesn't make sense with the conversation they just had. It says that he loves them and he loves his sister and he's sorry to do this. He said that he wants all of his stuff to go to his brother and it goes on to being quote, I love y'all so much. We all have been great parents to meet. I guess I'm just a fool. And I couldn't change them. I wish they put them. I'm sorry none of this is useful. Only mine.